add a quickstart for retention (#90)
spiceai/quickstarts: retention/README.md

Reviewer: Please add a link from the top-level `README.md` to this quickstart

> # Quickstart for retention policies on accelerated dataset

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Accelerated Dataset Retention Policy Quickstart
```

**Step 1.** Initialize and start Spice

```bash
spice init retention-quickstart
cd retention-quickstart
```

> **Step 2.** Add a dataset with retention policies by editing spicepod.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Step 2.** Add a dataset with a retention policy by editing spicepod.yaml
```

```bash
version: v1beta1
kind: Spicepod
name: retention-quickstart
datasets:
  - from: s3://spiceai-demo-datasets/taxi_trips/2024/
    name: taxi_trips
    time_column: tpep_pickup_datetime
    acceleration:
      retention_enabled: true
      enabled: true
      refresh_interval: 10m
      retention_check_interval: 60s

>       retention_period: 35040h # 4 years, this will eliminate 5 rows of bad data in the public dataset

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      retention_period: 35040h # 4 years, this will evict 5 rows of data from the dataset
```
